she's the baby with no name and no
mother the girl was delivered by
emergency cesarian from her Dead
Mother's
body she was killed in an Israeli air
strike this morning her baby was still 2
weeks premature her oxygen supply was
cut doctors say the little girl has a
50/50 chance of
living I'm very angry I'm very sad I
feel uh that this baby is
mine the woman's Uncle showed us what
remains of their home and the place
where his niece was buried
alive Israel insists it tries to avoid
civilian deaths but this morning it
wasn't a fighter who was killed just a
mother who was heavily
pregnant this is the area where the bomb
landed we think about 2:00 in the
morning there's been some damage to a
house over there this part was a un
facility a sanitation compound but this
was a small block of flats housing a few
families this is where the mother was
living and she was trapped as a whole
building collapsed she was underneath
unable to escape and eventually
died but the attacks go both ways two
Hamas rockets launched into
Israel
and homeless families living in a un
School clap and
cheer but there's nothing to celebra in
Gaza 8-year-old Kamar and her brother
were injured when another un school was
hit
yesterday a mother talks of the moment
her husband died in her
arms another family crushed by grief
despite talk of a ceasefire the
suffering and pain go undiminished he
panel BBC News in Gaza